capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"
set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_legacy"
set_technology = {
	early_fighter = 1
}
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Despotism
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Franz Ferdinand"
	desc = ""
	ideology = absolutism
	picture = Portrait_Austria_Franz.dds
	traits = {
		
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	Klanism = 0
	Wilsonian = 0
	Socialism = 0
	Maximalism = 0
	Labourism = 0
	Toryism = 0
	Guerrism = 0
	Despotism = 34
    Liberalism = 7.5 #done
    Raronism = 13.75 #done
    Marxism = 15.5 #done
    Revivalism = 6 #done
    Cantonalism = 8 #done
    Libertarianism = 4.25 #done
    Reactionism = 0 #done
    Theologism = 11 #done
}

set_stability = 0.50
